Hey _____, I'm Alex with the Department of Computer Science at UA Little Rock. I work with the Emerging Analytics
Center and am the Vice President of the Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery. I'm calling
to ask if you have any interest in hearing a bit about student life in the department.

If no...
Alright, no problem. Have a good day.

If yes...

Sweet! Do you have anything specific you want to know about or just a general overview?

General Response...

I'd say that there's a pretty strong sense of community in the computer science department, that extends out to
the entire EIT college. Everyone is in the same building for so many hours a day that its easy to get to know
people even unintentionally. Probably one of the things that helps the most is the computer lab on the first floor.
Anyone is free to hang out in the lab and use the computers there. Probably not the best place to study since it
does tend to get noisy, but definitely a place to find familiar faces and ask for help.

On the topic of community, we have a few clubs that are pretty closely related to the department.I'm a little
biased, but the Association for Computing Machinery is probably the most active student org on campus at the moment
We do all sorts of things, like workshops and tutorials and the like, since our primary goal is to further
computer science education outside of the classroom. We also do game and movie nights, so we don't bore everyone.
We also help out the department and community with all sorts of different things, like recently we did a
tech drive. Took donations of old computers, fixed them up, then gave them to students who didn't have any.
In general, you'll find that student orgs are working to further your knowledge and help you succed both in and
out of the classroom.

Starting out is always a bit rough, even for those with programming experience. Maybe its switching to C++ from
another language, or learning a programming language for the first time, or maybe its some of your other classes
like physics. Fortunately, the department offers free tutoring.

Now let me tell you, we do have an opportunity that is nearly impossible to pass up. On the fourth floor of EIT is
the Emerging Analytics Center. You want to get paid to work on cool research projects? Learn new things and get
work experience all the while? This is your opportunity, right on campus. I've been working there for nearly two
years now and its honestly far more fun than any of my classes and I also tend to learn just as much.
